additional material (#52)
ITPNYU/ITP-IMA-Code-of-Conduct: get-involved.md

### Contributions of any kind are welcome!
<!-- # Thanks for your interest ITP IMA Code of Conduct! -->

> We encourage any level of contribution for improvement: participation in discussions, giving feedback, pull a request, typo or any other kind of support. This is an evolving project that follows **[all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors)** specifications. If you want to know more about how to contribute you can visit [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ITP-IMA-Code-of-Conduct/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage any level of contribution for improvement: asking questions, providing feedback, minor fixes/typos, and any other kind of support. This is an evolving project that follows **[all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors)** specifications. If you want learn more about how to contribute visit [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ITPNYU/ITP-IMA-Code-of-Conduct/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

**For questions or suggestions, contact <mark><a href="mailto:equitable@itp.nyu.edu" target="_blank">equitable@itp.nyu.edu</a></mark>**

<br>
<br>

## ✏️ Propose a Change

> Every section of the Code of Conduct document has a **Propose a Change** button. A click on the Propose a Change button will you direct you to the github source of the document. In the github source you can propose the changes or an update in the code of conduct repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every section of the Code of Conduct document has a **Propose a Change** button. The button directs you to the GitHub edit page for the document. There, you can propose a change in the Code of Conduct repository itself. 
```

<br>
<br>

## 📢 Additional Material

> The ITP/IMA Code of Conduct regularly prepares workshops. Here we share material from previous workshops. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community members at ITP/IMA have offered workshops using the Code of Conduct as a foundation.  These materials are available to be remixed. If you create a workshop, please let us know!
```

> ✨ **[Bot Ethics](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ugYkvbtydBdG5E-N7Bm73O1ry4NOxnVnB8BEGjdh9jQ/edit?usp=sharing)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✨ **[Ethics in Practice (Bot Workshop)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ugYkvbtydBdG5E-N7Bm73O1ry4NOxnVnB8BEGjdh9jQ/edit?usp=sharing)**
```

> ✨ **[Code of Conduct Orientational Material](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uV7DVr6Z0ZVw8tjH4C7xfNkpr_IKfijUaRTWne6tSOo/edit?usp=sharing)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✨ **[Ethics in Practice (ITP Orientation 2020)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uV7DVr6Z0ZVw8tjH4C7xfNkpr_IKfijUaRTWne6tSOo/edit?usp=sharing)**
```
